Remove stale list of integrations from the Fleet/Agent docs (#1454)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/beats-agent-comparison.asciidoc

The following steps will help you determine if {agent} can support your use case:

. Determine if the integrations you need are supported and Generally Available
(GA) on {agent}. To find out if an integration is GA, go to
{integrations-docs}[{integrations}] and navigate to the docs for the
integration. If there is no label, such as Beta or Experimental, the integration

> is GA.

Reviewer: > If there is no label, such as Beta or Experimental, the integration
is GA.

This isn't the greatest user experience. If you give me a few days, I can have the overview table working again. That would be better to link to, I think.

Author: Agreed! That's awesome. I will wait.

> (GA) on {agent}. To find out if an integration is GA, go to
> {integrations-docs}[{integrations}] and navigate to the docs for the
> integration. If there is no label, such as Beta or Experimental, the integration
> is GA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(GA) on {agent}. To find out if an integration is GA, see the
{integrations-docs}/all_integrations[{integrations} quick reference table].
```
